What have you done to me,
My heart develops an articulate beat,
I threw you away, out of rhythm like feet.
Dancing apart on graceful calm seas,
It's like we were never meant to be

Our growth, so similar to a tree,
Elegant, mysterious, the layers defeat
Sacred together, we had it all, I struggled to cope,
Now barren with trunks cut to their knees,
Nothing is left but stumps to see.

Lonely fields waste with sawdust deep,
Empty homes with no shelter, nothing to eat,
Forests turn to wasteland, it's my deathly touch,
Turning my back I search for more bees,
Searching for another home for my tree

Over mountain's and deserts glee
Hopeful to wander and stumble to meet,
The forest, forgive me for I cannot see nor find a home quite like yours
I search from sea to sea to find our trees
one last mountain peak, filled with glee

Expecting a forest, with the nature I envy,
To find nothing but waste, emptiness, incomplete
Destination unknown, I gather my things, it's time to head back home,
My head is low, silence, only the hum of the breeze
The journey is long, but we were never far couldn't you see

Traveling through the sand, the wind, the seas,
The distance between us is growing thin.
My head is high, I'm ready to greet, 
Time has come, the forest is sprouting more trees
Together again, I'm restless, I can feel it in my knees.

Rejuvenation, something new is bloomimg.

You and the forest, together we climb,
The mountains will laugh as we pass the time
We look back and remember all the animals cry
Is this something new? The beauty, the chime
Clouded by the past I have seen, I cannot do it again this time.

I know the water is rough. It's going to be tough
Your love kindles as the weakest of flames
Watered down logs from the destruction of trees
Searching for the everlasting flame,
in time I will dry, your fire will rage.

Together we burn brighter than before, the fire will burn and grow into a sacred flame, never to go out, never to burn cold, kept alive in our place below the stars.
